n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  S3 n  n  n  n  S4 n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  o  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  c  D  b  n  n  n  n  n  n  b  D  c  D  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  k  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  S5
c  c  c  c  D  c  c  c  n  b  n  n  n  n  b  n  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  n
n  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  D  c  c  c  c  D  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  D  i  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  d  D  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  i  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  c  c  D  c  D  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  l  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  d  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  c  c  c  c  c  D  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  c  D  l  n  n  n  n  n  n
S2 c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  D  D  c  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  c  c  c  c  c  D  c  c  n  n  h  h  n  n  c  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  u  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  c  S6
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  h  D  c  D  c  c  c  c  c  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  s  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
n  n  n  n  n  n  n  S1 n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  c  n  n  n  n  n  n  n
TERMINATE


n = inaccessible
c = corridor
k = kitchen
b = ball room
o = conservatory
i = billiard room
l = library
s = study
h = hall
u = lounge
d = dining room
D = door
T#= teleporter
S#= start
